Docs 7741 clean up deploying to cloudhub hn (#344)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub-faq.adoc

== Can I get a static IP for my application?

> Yes! You can assign a static IP to your application in the *Static IPs* tab on the application settings. For details, see xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#static-ips[Static IPs]. By default, you are allocated a number of static IPs equal to twice the number of production vCores in your subscription. To raise this limit, contact MuleSoft Support.

Reviewer: Oy, we need a template/standards for FAQs, if we continue to publish them....

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign a static IP to your application by using the *Static IPs* application settings tab. For details, see xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#static-ips[Static IPs]. By default, you are allocated a number of static IPs equal to twice the number of production vCores in your subscription. To raise this limit, contact MuleSoft Support.
```
Are the second two sentences information that is included in the xref? 
In any case, consider ending the para with xref rather than putting it in the middle.

* xref:managing-deployed-applications.adoc[Managing Deployed Applications]
* xref:managing-applications-on-cloudhub.adoc[Managing Applications on CloudHub]

> * xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc[Deploying to CloudHub]

Reviewer: If this is a task, STET "Deploy".
If not, consider rewording, perhaps to "CloudHub Deployment"
